[MRG] fix loading without age information / single-column .tsv (#912)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

- ...

> - Fix setting unknown ages if no age parameter is supplied in csv in function :func:`mne_bids.make_report` (:gh:`912`)

Reviewer: Should be rephrased, I don't think it's very clear what is meant here. I can give it a shot later, currently on my phone

Author: I tried (also to re-trigger CI), better now?

Author: at least CI seems to work now :)

Author: `Fix loading tsv participant summary information when only subject_id is supplied and all other information (age, gender, handedness) is missing in :func:`mne_bids.make_report` (:gh:`912`)`

Reviewer: I pushed another small adjustment to make it more concise

> - Fix loading tsv participant summary information when only subject_id is supplied and all other information (age, gender, handedness) is missing in :func:`mne_bids.make_report` (:gh:`912`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`mne_bids.make_report` now correctly handles `participant.tsv` files that only contain a `subject_id` column, by `Simon Kern`_ (:gh:`912`)
```

Bug fixes
^^^^^^^^^

> - Fix setting unknown ages if no age parameter is supplied in csv in function :func:`mne_bids.report._summarize_participants_tsv` (:gh:`912`)

Reviewer: This is documenting a change in a private function, so this is not directly user-visible and shouldn't go into the changelog. Better do something like:

```suggestion
- :func:`mne_bids. make_report` can now handle `participants.tsv` files without an `age` column, by `Simon Kern`_ (:gh:`912`)
```
